Term entry html attributes title (#1782)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/attributes/terms/title/title.md

---
Title: 'title'
Description: 'Contains and can display the specified information about the element it belongs to.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Attributes'
  - 'Elements'
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`title`** global attribute contains and can display the specified information about the element it belongs to.

> > **Note:** Although the `title` attribute can display additional information on the screen, it does not work with touch screens, keyboard-only navigation, or assistive technologies.

Reviewer: The note about assistive technologies is contradicted by the bullet point about `<iframe>` below

Author: Thank you, I have changed the text to resolve that!

## Syntax

```pseudo
<opening-tag title="text"> content </closing-tag>
```

The `title` attribute can be used with any HTML [`element`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements) by adding the attribute to the opening tag. The `text` value of the attribute can be any string, including empty string (`""`) and multi-line text. This `text` will appear next to the element as a tooltip text (hint) while hovering over the element it is used with.

For nested elements, the `title` attribute will be inherited from the parent element if the child element has no `title` attribute.

### Special Use Cases

While any element can have a `title` attribute, it provides a special function for some elements. When the `title` attribute is used with:

> - the [`<abbr>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/abbr) element, the `title` must contain a description or expansion of the abbreviation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`<abbr>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/abbr): The `title` must contain a description or expansion of the abbreviation.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's a little cleaner to start with the link name, then colon, description

> - the [`<iframe>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/iframe) element, the `title` should describe the embedded content for assistive technologies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`<iframe>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/iframe): The `title` should describe the embedded content for assistive technologies.
```

> - the [`<input>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/input) element in a form the information is only visible when hovering over the element. It is better to use a `<label>` element that is always visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`<input>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/input): This element only displays information when a user is hovering over the element. It is better to use a `<label>` element that is always visible.
```

> - the `<link rel="stylesheet">` element, the `title` specifies the default and alternate stylesheets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `<link rel="stylesheet">`: The `title` specifies the default and alternate stylesheets.
```
